I'll now explain the solution to the cybersecurity careers exercise.
To help close the cybersecurity skills gap,
the CyberSeek websites provide detailed,
actionable data about supply and demand in the cybersecurity job market.
From the website, you should have picked a role you would like to have.
Let's look at how you would do that.
You start out on the basic website and you can see the career pathway.
On that website, you can see the different types of entry-level, mid-level,
and advanced level jobs between cybersecurity technician,
a cybercrime investigator, or an IT auditor.
This also shows you potential career paths for each types of role.
If you click on one, for example,
cybersecurity specialist technician, you can see
the potential number of job openings and salary.
When we scroll down,
we learn more such as the top skills requested,
type of education required,
job titles, and certifications requested for this type of role.
For example, for a role of systems engineer,
common job titles include a system engineer,
system analyst, or IT business analyst.
Certifications can include CompTIA Security plus,
or Certified Information Security Manager.
The intent of this exercise is for you to
understand different cybersecurity roles and the requirements to fill them.
CyberSeek is a good resource to help you in
your journey for building your cybersecurity career.
The second part of the exercise is for you to explore the CyberSeek's,
cybersecurity supply-demand heat map.
From the main site,
it's the interactive map.
From here, you can see potential job openings for your state or metropolitan area.
For example, California, over 72,000 jobs in cybersecurity alone.
Colorado over 17,000.
To pick a state, let's look at California.
We can see number of job openings,
total employed in the cybersecurity workforce,
the supply-demand ratio, different job titles, and certifications required.
Use the CyberSeek cybersecurity supply-demand heat map to
better understand how to build your cybersecurity career.